AXIOM — STANDALONE INVESTOR DEMO

Requirements: Node.js 22.12+ and npm.

Start:
  npm ci
  npm run dev
  Open http://127.0.0.1:5173

Production build:
  npm run build
  npm run preview
  Deploy the dist/ directory to any static host. No server, secrets or API required.

Verification:
  npm test
  npm run test:e2e
  Browser tests use installed Google Chrome (Playwright channel: chrome).
  If Chrome is unavailable, install it or change the channel in playwright.config.ts.

Presentation flow:
  1. Portfolio: select a position and inspect its canonical contract.
  2. Click a graph edge or structural check to inspect the constraint and proof scope.
  3. Explore the difference: toggle the emergency hike in Scenario Lab.
  4. Select "After the window closes" to see annual-count vs December-window basis.
  5. Toggle the proposed trade; payouts and cost recompute locally.
  6. Instrument Master and Data expose source rules and the frozen fixture.
  The Walkthrough button guides the first four screens.

Data boundaries:
  The user's axiom_lovable_demo_bundle.zip supplies the 27 contract references,
  21 Sep 2026 marks, rule summaries, 3 local state spaces and 5 fictional positions.
  Original data lives in src/data; all computed results live in src/domain/engine.ts.
  Data page exposes provenance, scope, model assumptions and downloadable fixtures.
  13 supplied constraints plus the annual-count partition are evaluated across
  350 representative scenarios. This is verification of the demo model, not proof
  of complete real-world settlement coverage or production semantic admission.
  Scenario payouts use an explicit bridge: fixed 4.00% September baseline, exact
  +/-50 bp representatives for tail buckets, +25 bp emergency before October,
  post-meeting hikes on Dec 10, no other moves or prior threshold hits, and a
  December decision. The three families are not merged into a general global basis.
  Terminal payout and terminal P&L are separately labeled. P&L excludes fees,
  financing and slippage. Snapshot prices are not inferred probabilities.
  Fonts are bundled locally. No live feeds, remote runtime dependencies, trading,
  authentication, automated AI inference or production-backend connection exists.

Repo status:
  Independent local Git repository; axiom-backend and axiom-research are untouched.
  No remote or deployment is configured.
